Stay away
Boy advises you not to meddle in your own business
Get out of here obediently
Chen Junnan, how are you?
Chen Junnan Chen Junnan, wake up
Sorry Mr. Chen
If it weren't for me
It's all my fault
I said it's none of your business
What are you sorry for?
If he hadn't shut you out
Shut up, dog
Mr. Chen, don't misunderstand
I'm not talking about you and me
I don't know what to say.
What are you talking about?
It's nothing. I just say the wrong thing when I'm in a hurry.
In a hurry
Are you anxious for me? Are you hurt?
I'm worried
Just be anxious, you are anxious for me.
Do you like me?
I don't have it. Then you don't like me.
No.
No, so do you like it or not?
Mr. Chen, I didn't mean that
I I
Son, son, are you okay?